Allow agent to run as non-root for debugging (infra) (#2020)
canonical/checkbox: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Note: Keep in mind that run-agent has to be run as root and needs the

> > virtual env, you may have to re-enable/activate it after a `sudo -s`
> > you can circumvent this constraint if you are developing for Checkbox by
> > exporting ALLOW_CHECKBOX_AGENT_NONROOT to `true`. This only makes sense if
> > you are debugging Checkbox internals. The agent will not work as normal user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> virtual env, you may have to re-enable/activate it after a `sudo -s`.
> 
> You can circumvent this constraint if you are developing for Checkbox by
> setting the `ALLOW_CHECKBOX_AGENT_NONROOT` environment variable to `true`.
> This only makes sense if you are debugging Checkbox internals.
> The agent will not work as normal user.
```
